1. Write a Java program to round up the result of integer division.  
 

2. Write a Java program to get whole and fractional parts from a double value.  
 

3. Write a Java program to test if a double number is an integer.  
 

4. Write a Java program to round a float number to specified decimals.  
 

5. Write a Java program to count the absolute distinct value in an array.  
 

6. Write a Java program to reverse an integer number.  
 

7. Write a Java program to convert Roman number to an integer number.  
 

8. Write a Java program to convert an integer value to absolute value.  
 

9. Write a Java program to convert a float value to absolute value.  
 

10. Write a Java program to accept a float value of number and return a rounded float value.  
 

11. Write a Java program to accept two integers and return true if the either one is 15 or if their sum or difference is 15.  
 

12. Write a Java program to count the number of prime numbers less than a given positive number.  
 

13. Write a Java program to find the length of the longest sequence of zeros in binary representation of an integer.  
 

14. Write a Java program to find the square root of a number using Babylonian method.  
 

15. Write a Java program to multiply two integers without using multiplication, division, bitwise operators, and loops.  
 

16. Write a Java program to calculate power of a number without using multiplication(*) and division(/) operators.  
 

17. Write a Java program to calculate and print average (or mean) of the stream of given numbers.  
 

18. Write a Java program to count the numbers without digit 7, from 1 to a given number.  
 

19. Write a Java program to generate a magic square of order n (all row, column, and diagonal sums are equal).  
From Wikipedia,
In recreational mathematics and combinatorial design, a magic square is a n x n square grid (where n is the number of cells on each side) filled with distinct positive integers in the range 1, 2, ..., n2 such that each cell contains a different integer and the sum of the integers in each row, column and diagonal is equal. The sum is called the magic constant or magic sum of the magic square. A square grid with n cells on each side is said to have order n.
 

20. In mathematics, the sieve of Eratosthenes is an ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to any given limit.
Write a Java program to print all primes smaller than or equal to any given number.  
 


 
21. Write a Java program to find the number which has the maximum number of distinct prime factors in a given range.  
 

22. Write a Java program to find next smallest palindrome.  
 

23. A fast scheme for evaluating a polynomial such as:
-19+ 7x- 4x2 + 6x3
when
x=3
is to arrange the computation as follows:((((0)x+6)x+(-4))x+7)x+(-19)
Write a Java program to compute the result from the innermost brackets.  
 

24. Write a Java program to calculate the Binomial Coefficient of two positive numbers.  
 

25. Write a Java program to calculate e raise to the power x using sum of first n terms of Taylor Series.  
 

26. Write a Java program to print all prime factors of a given number.  
 

27. Write a Java program to check if a given number is Fibonacci number or not.